----------
"Skratch: Sk8er Kat" is a Mario style 2d scroller from Energon Software.
----------


General:
	Skratch is a badass sk8er kat. Unfortunately, The Man has decided to bring the beat down on Skratches hood. With all of his pals beaten down, it's up to Skratch to sk8e up into the district and bring down the powers that be.


Powerups:
	Throughout Skratch's adventures, he'll come across several sweet powerups and shiznat tools that he can use to put the hurt on the corupt corporations. Those powerups include:

	Sk8board - This is Skratch's main ride. It increases his speed and gives him the ability to ollie over deep holes and onto platforms he wouldn't normally be able to reach. Skratch can switch between hoofing it and riding whenever he likes. Once he has his trusty deck, he can't lose it.

	Panthers - These uber-bearings make Skratch's sk8board roll with nearly no friction. Lasts 30 seconds.

	The Almighty Pogo - This is a one-time use tool that Skratch can use to reach super-high platforms. Be wary though, as once it's used, that's all Skratch gets until he finds another pogo.

	Blaster - This is Skratch's favorite weapon. One shot takes out even the best of Suits. Ammo is limited though, so watch that gauge man!

	Magic Beans - Let's just say... a room full of Suits can't keep the Fart from Hell down. Watch out for the SBD though, even Skratch can't avoid it's wrath.

	DCs - These permanent shoe power-ups increase Skratch's maximum health by 25.

Claws:
	* Skratch has one major advantage over The Man... his claws. This is the one tool Skratch can use when all others fail, and best of all, he can't lose them. If you can't find a blaster, claws are totally the next best thing.

CDs:
	Scattered in various places within the city, Skratch may come across special CDs. When Skratch collects enough of these CDs, he gets another kitty life (even past the starting 9!). Skratch can also find special SACDs that automatically give him an extra life, but they're far rarer. CDs can be exchanged at Pawn Shops for $1 a piece.

Bad Guys:
	Unfortunately, no matter how l33t Skratch gets, there's always somebody trying to keep him down. Some of those naysayers are:

	Blue Collar Suits - These Suits are The Man's grunts. They take orders and do as they're told... and in this case, they've been told to take-you-out.

	White Collar Suits - These Suits are the The Man's goto guys. Blinded by their own self-worth and willing to do anything for a buck. Watch out as they're shots are more accurate than Blue Collar Suits, although they move a bit slower.

	CEOs - These guys are the Commanders of The Man's army. Fast, powerful, and accurate. Watch out for their smoke-screen attack.

Allies:
	Despite all their efforts, however, not all of the citizens of the city are truly under The Man's power. If Skratch can find some cash, he can convince city Veterenarians to restore his health. Watch out though, as if you visit them without the cash, it's so long cahones (ie, you lose pal).

Bosses:
	At the end of each area of the city is one of The Man's best and baddest. These bosses are as tough as they come, so be sure and stock up on health and ammo before taking them on.

	If Skratch is lucky enough to find his way to the center of the evil Corporation at the center of it all, he'll have to take down the Uber-Suit. This suit is like the baddest boss times infinity. If Skratch fails in his mission, this is the guy that's gonna bring the fuzz to the rest of the world... SO TAKE HIM OUT!

Good luck, and may the 'nip be with you!
